for everyone we find ourselves
today in a new video that
is of a category that you like
a lot it's of course a solid
so today as you have seen
in the title we will talk about their
cavernous morphology so what is
I mean by the cavalier morphology
so lately on facebook and
on the internet in general a study
are circulating on the impact of the weight of the
rider on the horse is to read his
studies to exchange a little with
different people around these
results made me understand that it's me
did not like at all what came out of
this study
in fact we are told that the rider does not
must not exceed 10% of the weight of its
horse so about on a horse of 600
kg it's going to do that we have to do in the
70 kg to break everything
it's just a problem
because in my opinion it's going to break everything
the diversity of the world of riding
as much as you say if a rider does not
must not exceed 70 kg I should
stop riding on horseback
whereas when you see on horseback I
not the impression that I like horses
that I work simply because
that I do not think it's a
question of rider pepper I think
that it's a question of already from the
rider of the metaphysical rider of the
horse and work then asked according
I can buy up to 95 kg
if we even know why not the moment
we climb slightly to a rider
50 60 70 kg that will bring as a bag
in potatoes it's worse than anything
90 kg jumper which will do this light
is also a rider who will be worked
his horse so that he does not suffer the
pain of his weight simply
because if we of course put a
95 kg person on a thoroughbred who
fate of races that has been working
adapted of course that it will not work
but even a 75 kg rider
will not work because that kind of
false need a work with the loin
she work on foot before having a
jumper on the back because when going out
races with a 50 kg jockey they
will not be ready to wear someone but
if we take a horse maybe the one
French who was well muscled
maybe a merit 1a finger a
fjord
everything is put all these kinds of horses
if one the adapted work can be
mounted by all and maybe I'm going
make me enemies because that's me
I think riding is not a
sport of filiform mannequins
riding is a sport that must
to be diverse or you there must be
50 kg people and people
90 kg so that drives me crazy actually
when I see people who will say
with cavalia who is strong that she has to
not ride his horse because she's me
abused I find it aberrant
because there are so many things that are
abused by all that to say that a
Malian case that will be pampered
with his misstep that will mount it a
times a week lightly with
adapted work should stop everything
just because she's fat
it's anything and it's not done
and if these things are not respected they
are further encouraged by studies
scientists who in my opinion would be a
little aberrant
I do not really see what will become of
our sport it's going to be just some of the
filiform people who will be able
ride on horseback and I'll find that
frankly very boring you look
Western riding is a lot of
strong people riding horses and
their horses do not seem to be worn
so bad even if the stations riders
are all pretty light that I use are
light there are dressage riders
hung ambulance quite massive and their
horses are doing well
then stop seeing evil everywhere
when a person a little ford will ride
on a horse if she work the
adapted way I do not see the concern to
from the moment the work is
adapted to the horse there is no reason
that it goes wrong if we work from
so that they have a good duet
well muscled with a job can be
lighter and ben why not and he
must stop wanting to be all
it's like in life you have to
that they have diversity is
frankly a world where there would be that
riders that are less than 70 kg and
with limits when we try to
to put it all the time riding
will never evolve again we will find
in falling back into a psychorigid thing
com
as was the world of riding
maybe 50 years ago and that's
frankly not something that I
want so if you want to share on this
subject as usual go in
comment we discuss together is
always low in respect of some and
others I would put you study
scientist who is English in the
info bar for you to do
your idea yourself I will lose 10
where I hope that seven soldiers even a re
to your brains and will make you want
to exchange I do lots of kisses
until next time learn
heal it's good you can go back moment
but I was waiting